https://codepen.io/DionisEstrella/pen/jOweoWq?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 It's meaninful markup with names such as header, footer and sections with classes.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    it is used for creating a base or skeleton of your web-page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute is something such as a p tag and is always placed at the front of what you want it to contain but depending on what it is, it may or may not have a closing tag ex; img tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for marking up important text such as the title of a page and it should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    an img and a tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    !doctype, head tag with links to css
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is like a class except more specific and shouldn't be used more than once.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    sections, divs or anything else that could be containing something
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class?
    a class is almost like an id except that it can be used more than once 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    anything! such as div, sections etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you'd like but try to be mindful about where you use them
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    its used when an image is not displaying and it is descriptive text to tell the user what the text would've been
    15. How do I reference an id?
    with the # symbol
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is more semantic than a div. sections means that the content insde is grouped while a div does not convey any meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    used for styling and making sites more flexible for the user.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 { }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can be used to select a group of similar things like <p> and you might want to use that to make all p tags have the same size font and color
    a id is meant to be used for one thing that wont change and is by itself for example, potentially an H1 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child selector is like with the above example of .human p{} and it is useful to specify that you want something within a specific container to change
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    we use rm newfile.txt <-- file name you want to remove. You want to be careful because you could accidentally delete a file you didn't mean to.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    because it tracks and manages changes to software code. It allows to changes to code over time. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every time you do something important or finish a portion of a task.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push or git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork the code on github, copy the forked clone link, open gitbash, ls, cd desktop, cd into folder, git clone and copy the clone link, git checkout-b firstname-lastname, code . to open,
    git add ., git commit -m'message goes here', git push-u origin firstname-lastname

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element takes all space for itself such as a <p> it will take the entirety of the space that it is given and will have its own space
    A inline element live inside things such as a p tag and can be thinks such as a tags and they DO NOT create new lines but can be adjusted with things like font-size.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    display: inline-block; Inline-block allows block level tags be inline and allows them to be able to take widths, heights, padding etc. Great for using buttons in a row.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    BLOCK LEVEL: H1, P, DIV, HEADER, FOOTER, section
    DISPLAY INLINE: SPAN, A, B, BR, BUTTON, IMG, 
    DISPLAY INLINE-BLOCK BY DEFAULT: IMG, BUTTON, TEXTAREA, INPUT AND SELECT

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    the box model is content, padding, border and margin.
    padding can make the content bigger or smaller
    border makes the box containing the padding and content bigger
    margin pushes and creates more space around everything that is around the border

    You can make all elements respect the width given to them by make the parent container be a certain size and giving the children elements size in ex; %'s 
    to make sure they follow the rules within their container.